BigAnimal: Configuring PgBouncer with BigAnimal cluster topic (#2987)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/biganimal/release/using_cluster/02_connecting_your_cluster/index.mdx

- [`psql`](http://postgresguide.com/utilities/psql.html) &mdash; terminal-based client for Postgres
- pgAdmin &mdash; desktop or web UI client to inspect, monitor, manage, and query your cluster's databases 
- other common database drivers

> - EDB PgBouncer &mdash; a utility to pool your connections

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- EDB PgBouncer &mdash; utility to pool your connections [see Configuring EDB PgBouncer for BigAnimal](pgbouncer_configuring)
```
